 Found a pet shop which sells illegal breeds of rabbits.
 Wild cats being bred and sold in a pet shop near my house.
 Unregistred, illegal pet shop near my house where the shopkeeper sells coloured birds and fishes.
 I keep seeing a lot of people come and go to this place. Though I never saw them work day jobs, and while I am not someone to judge, the smell of animals and people flocking at specific times a year is suspicious. I suspect that they are running an illegal operation.
 I always had my suspicions with them. It has been three years now. Seeing young $'s again and again has had me scratching my head. I am pretty sure they are running something illegal there.
 For a long time I kept ignoring, but it finally dawned on me when my friend connected the dots. I believe that my neighbours are breeding these poor $ and selling their young ones.
 I could be wrong, but it always bugged me that the place down the street always had people flocking for the $'s young. I knew they were a bit strange, but this I know for a fact is illegal. I hope this get's looked into.
 I love animals and as long as they cared for them, I never looked too deep into it. But when I saw my neighbours openly selling young $s, given the place they stay, I knew this was wrong and illegal. I hope this is looked into.
 For a long time I had an idea that they sold animals, but I recently had the opportunity to look into their breeding and care area. i was shocked at the dilapidated and unhygenic situation that they were in. I feel that this is illegal. I hope those poor parents are put in a better place.
 I had pets all my life and even took care of pregnant pets and their young ones. When I saw that my negihbours were selling young $s and saw their place, it was beyond depressing. It is unsafe. I hope something comes of this complaint.
 My relatives sold pets as a side business. I have a wonderful lab from them. As I was looking for a new $ as a pet, I came across them which was surprising to me. They live in a small place and it is unsuitable for them. This is wrong and illegal.
 My main problem with them selling animals is that they do not take good care of their parents. It is disheartening and sad. I hope they live in a better place.
